This projec tis about analyzing the logs generated by the system. 
The analysis is done to get information about different events such as suspicious 
activity count, irresponsible acts done by the user and other.

The logs are given in the .log form. The better way to handle these 
types of file is to operate on them using a library called pandas.
Pandas is used by data scientist to easily manage large amount of data. 
Pandas also help and data analysis. Data Frame is the data structures used
by pandas. DataFrame is a 2-dimensional labeled data structure with columns 
of potentially different types. You can think of it like a spreadsheet 
or SQL table, or a dict of Series objects. It is generally the most commonly 
used pandas object. Like Series, DataFrame accepts many different kinds of input.

Pandas give us different functions to analyze the data. For example finding the unique
elements in a columns. Relating one column with another, grouping multiple columns, it 
also provide handy graphs that further increase the effecieny.


There will be total of 5 functions. One for each part and also one for the extra credit part.

The fucntions will be named as follow:
        generate_<reportName>_report()
all the functions will take the parameter of datatype Dataframe as we are dealing with
pandas table.
Little insight on the functions:
      generate_suspicious_report()
          a. read the file line by line and convert this unstructured data into structured one
             meaning that; every line should contain equal number of columns and the amount of 
             information in each line should be homogenous.
          b. convert this data into DataFrame table so that every column can be accessed and
             converted to useful information easily.
          c. group the table by the date. this will combine all the activities on the same
             date will be combined together.
          d. then group the table by the usernames.
          e. proceed further with the requirement

the overall functionality of the functions will be same such as. read the file. make the data homogenous.
store the data in DataFrame for easy access and working. use different technique to extract the information.


Reason to use dataframe:
  This files can be handled by opening the files and reading the data in the list and then working on it.
  But accessing data from list of lists using indexes is a ineffecient technique when analyzing the data
